Question: where did meredith grey go instead of dc

Reference Answer: Meredith Grey - wikipedia Meredith Grey Jump to : navigation , search Meredith Grey Grey 's Anatomy character Ellen Pompeo as Dr

Retrieved Documents: 7a379d6fd7ae7ad0b2b51f043f559d73.txt, 7a379d6fd7ae7ad0b2b51f043f559d73.txt, 7a379d6fd7ae7ad0b2b51f043f559d73.txt

Raw Retrieved Content:
. While Cristina flees Seattle for her fellowship , Meredith , afraid of flying and change , declines her job offer , and clings to what remains in Seattle . Cristina and Meredith begin calling the hospital Seattle Grace Mercy Death in light of the immense amount of trauma , death , and pain they have experienced there .

. Meredith puts her foot down as she does not want to uproot their young family to move across the country for his career at the sacrifice of her own . They begin a series of on - and - off arguments and `` cold wars '' over their careers . Derek accepts the job in the heat of the moment and promptly leaves for Washington

After Derek 's death , Meredith returns to Grey Sloan Memorial to inform the others of his passing . Following the funeral service , Meredith impulsively packs up her belongings and leaves with the children to San Diego . Months pass by while her friends and family are unaware of her whereabouts

Processed Retrieved Content:
. While Cristina flees Seattle for her fellowship, Meredith, afraid of flying and change, declines her job offer, and clings to what remains in Seattle. Cristina and Meredith begin calling the hospital Seattle Grace Mercy Death in light of the immense amount of trauma, death, and pain they have experienced there.. Meredith puts her foot down as she does not want to uproot their young family to move across the country for his career at the sacrifice of her own. They begin a series of on - and - off arguments and `` cold wars '' over their careers. Derek accepts the job in the heat of the moment and promptly leaves for Washington After Derek 's death, Meredith returns to Grey Sloan Memorial to inform the others of his passing. Following the funeral service, Meredith impulsively packs up her belongings and leaves with the children to San Diego. Months pass by while her friends and family are unaware of her whereabouts

RAG Answer:
Months pass by while her friends and family are unaware of her whereabouts, she went to San Diego.

Standard LLM Answer:
This is a fun question referencing Grey's Anatomy! Here's the breakdown:

Meredith Grey didn't go to DC. After selling Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital, she and the Grey Sloan doctors moved to **Seattle Grace University** in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They're essentially starting a new hospital affiliated with the university.



Let me know if you have any more Grey's Anatomy trivia you'd like to explore!

Similarity Evaluation:
RAG vs Reference Similarity: 0.1183
Standard LLM vs Reference Similarity: 0.5055
Similarity Improvement: -0.3872
