Question: in greek mythology who was the goddess of spring growth

Reference Answer: In Greek mythology , Persephone ( / pərˈsɛfəni / ; Greek : Περσεφόνη ) , also called Kore ( / ˈkɔːriː / ; `` the maiden '' ) , is the daughter of Zeus and Demeter and is the queen of the underworld . Homer describes her as the formidable , venerable majestic princess of the underworld , who carries into effect the curses of men upon the souls of the dead . Persephone was married to Hades , the god of the underworld . The myth of her abduction represents her function as the personification of vegetation , which shoots forth in spring and withdraws into the earth after harvest ; hence , she is also associated with spring as well as the fertility of vegetation . Similar myths appear in the Orient , in the cults of male gods like Attis , Adonis , and Osiris , and in Minoan Crete .

Retrieved Documents: d348116f17545bcf94fd16d45c1076c2.txt, d348116f17545bcf94fd16d45c1076c2.txt, d348116f17545bcf94fd16d45c1076c2.txt

Raw Retrieved Content:
. The myth of her abduction represents her function as the personification of vegetation , which shoots forth in spring and withdraws into the earth after harvest ; hence , she is also associated with spring as well as the fertility of vegetation . Similar myths appear in the Orient , in the cults of male gods like Attis , Adonis , and Osiris , and in Minoan Crete .

. He pursues the mare - Demeter and from the union she bears the horse Arion and a daughter who originally had the form or the shape of a mare . The two goddesses were not clearly separated and they were closely connected with the springs and the animals . They were related with the god of rivers and springs ; Poseidon and especially with Artemis , the Mistress of the Animals who was the first nymph . According to the Greek tradition a hunt - goddess preceded the harvest goddess

. Plutarch identifies her with spring and Cicero calls her the seed of the fruits of the fields . In the Eleusinian mysteries , her return is the symbol of immortality and hence she was frequently represented on sarcophagi .

Processed Retrieved Content:
. The myth of her abduction represents her function as the personification of vegetation, which shoots forth in spring and withdraws into the earth after harvest; hence, she is also associated with spring as well as the fertility of vegetation. Similar myths appear in the Orient, in the cults of male gods like Attis, Adonis, and Osiris, and in Minoan Crete.. He pursues the mare - Demeter and from the union she bears the horse Arion and a daughter who originally had the form or the shape of a mare. The two goddesses were not clearly separated and they were closely connected with the springs and the animals. They were related with the god of rivers and springs; Poseidon and especially with Artemis, the Mistress of the Animals who was the first nymph. According to the Greek tradition a hunt - goddess preceded the harvest goddess. Plutarch identifies her with spring and Cicero calls her the seed of the fruits of the fields. In the Eleusinian mysteries, her return is the symbol of immortality and hence she was frequently represented on sarcophagi.

RAG Answer:
According to the provided information, the goddess was identified with spring by Plutarch and her return is the symbol of immortality. Therefore, the goddess of spring growth in Greek mythology is Demeter.

Standard LLM Answer:
In Greek mythology, the goddess of spring growth was **Persephone** (Περσεφόνη). 

While often referred to as the queen of the underworld, Persephone's original and essential role was as the goddess of springtime and vegetation. Her annual return from the underworld to her mother Demeter brought about the flourishing of the earth. 

It's important to note that while other goddesses like Chloris were associated with flowers and vegetation, Persephone's cycle of death and rebirth *defined* the seasons and the renewal of life, making her the primary goddess of spring growth.


Similarity Evaluation:
RAG vs Reference Similarity: 0.5906
Standard LLM vs Reference Similarity: 0.7938
Similarity Improvement: -0.2032
