Question: what is the chemical formula for sodium bicarbonate

Reference Answer: Sodium bicarbonate ( IUPAC name : sodium hydrogen carbonate ) , commonly known as baking soda , is a chemical compound with the formula Na HCO . It is a salt composed of sodium ions and bicarbonate ions . Sodium bicarbonate is a white solid that is crystalline but often appears as a fine powder . It has a slightly salty , alkaline taste resembling that of washing soda ( sodium carbonate ) . The natural mineral form is nahcolite . It is a component of the mineral natron and is found dissolved in many mineral springs . It is among the European Union - encoded food additives , identified as E 500 .

Retrieved Documents: 8e1a991c9186baa83e1254ab5a4eba49.txt, 8e1a991c9186baa83e1254ab5a4eba49.txt, 8e1a991c9186baa83e1254ab5a4eba49.txt

Raw Retrieved Content:
Sodium bicarbonate ( IUPAC name : sodium hydrogen carbonate ) , commonly known as baking soda , is a chemical compound with the formula Na HCO . It is a salt composed of sodium ions and bicarbonate ions . Sodium bicarbonate is a white solid that is crystalline but often appears as a fine powder . It has a slightly salty , alkaline taste resembling that of washing soda ( sodium carbonate ) . The natural mineral form is nahcolite

. The modern chemical formulas of these compounds express their precise chemical compositions ( which were unknown when the names sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate were coined ) and show the same ratio the other way around : There is half as much sodium per carbonate in NaHCO as in Na CO ( Na versus Na ) .

Sodium bicarbonate is an amphoteric compound . Aqueous solutions are very mildly alkaline due to the formation of carbonic acid and hydroxide ion :

Sodium bicarbonate can be used as a wash to remove any acidic impurities from a `` crude '' liquid , producing a purer sample . Reaction of sodium bicarbonate and an acid produces a salt and carbonic acid , which readily decomposes to carbon dioxide and water :

Processed Retrieved Content:
Sodium bicarbonate ( IUPAC name: sodium hydrogen carbonate ), commonly known as baking soda, is a chemical compound with the formula Na HCO. It is a salt composed of sodium ions and bicarbonate ions. Sodium bicarbonate is a white solid that is crystalline but often appears as a fine powder. It has a slightly salty, alkaline taste resembling that of washing soda ( sodium carbonate ). The natural mineral form is nahcolite. The modern chemical formulas of these compounds express their precise chemical compositions ( which were unknown when the names sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate were coined ) and show the same ratio the other way around: There is half as much sodium per carbonate in NaHCO as in Na CO ( Na versus Na ). Sodium bicarbonate is an amphoteric compound. Aqueous solutions are very mildly alkaline due to the formation of carbonic acid and hydroxide ion: Sodium bicarbonate can be used as a wash to remove any acidic impurities from a `` crude '' liquid, producing a purer sample. Reaction of sodium bicarbonate and an acid produces a salt and carbonic acid, which readily decomposes to carbon dioxide and water:

RAG Answer:
NaHCO3

Standard LLM Answer:
The chemical formula for sodium bicarbonate is **NaHCO₃**.


Similarity Evaluation:
RAG vs Reference Similarity: 0.3961
Standard LLM vs Reference Similarity: 0.7557
Similarity Improvement: -0.3596
